README.md, before:

# Presentations and CVs

## Instructions

### Part 1

For this assignment, you will create a set of slides in at least two different programs -- one that requires knitr (so a LaTeX based slide deck) and one that requires Rmarkdown. You may pick any of the libraries mentioned in the textbook or any modules you discover online. 

In your slides, I'd like you to introduce yourself, provide some basic biographical information (birthday, where you grew up, what program you're in, and when you expect to graduate). On subsequent slides, you should provide:

1. A picture of your favorite animal
2. Your favorite plot (can be one you've already generated in this class), which should be generated as part of your document (you can't just include the picture). 
3. A link to your CV, which you will create in the next part.

These slide decks should have at most 5 slides (title, introduction, animal picture, plot, and CV link), so hopefully they won't take too  much time. The goal of the assignment is that you will be familiar with the advantages and disadvantages of each slide ecosystem.

### Part 2

Use one of the CV packages mentioned in the textbook (or another LaTeX or markdown CV package that you want to try) to create a basic CV. I will not be grading the CV on how much content there is, so don't worry if you don't have publications, etc. You can add a fake publication if you want, just put the title as XXX sample XXX or something. 
You can customize your CV as you like -- it's a good idea to keep your CV up to date, so take the time to do that now if you want.

### Part 3

Use GitHub pages to host your CV and slide decks, following the gifs in the textbook. Create an Rmarkdown document in this repository (call it index.Rmd) with links to both of your slide decks and your CV (note: you will need to use the username.github.io links for this to work correctly). 

Upload the link to the compiled index.html file to Canvas to complete this assignment.

Commit message:

Updates to text to accommodate quarto options

README.md, after:

# Presentations and CVs

## Instructions

### Part 1

For this assignment, you will create a set of slides in at least two different programs -- one that requires beamer/LaTeX and one that is HTML-based (reveal.js, xaringan, etc.). You may pick any of the libraries mentioned in the textbook or any modules you discover online. 

In your slides, I'd like you to introduce yourself, provide some basic biographical information (birthday, where you grew up, what program you're in, and when you expect to graduate). On subsequent slides, you should provide:

1. A picture of your favorite animal
2. Your favorite plot (can be one you've already generated in this class), which should be generated as part of your document (you can't just include the picture). 
3. A link to your CV, which you will create in the next part.

These slide decks should have at most 5 slides (title, introduction, animal picture, plot, and CV link), so hopefully they won't take too  much time. The goal of the assignment is that you will be familiar with the advantages and disadvantages of each slide ecosystem.

### Part 2

Use one of the CV packages mentioned in the textbook (or another LaTeX or markdown CV package that you want to try) to create a basic CV. I will not be grading the CV on how much content there is, so don't worry if you don't have publications, etc. You can add a fake publication if you want, just put the title as XXX sample XXX or something. 

You can customize your CV as you like -- it's a good idea to keep your CV up to date, so take the time to do that now if you want.

### Part 3

Use a GitHub pages site (<username>.github.io) to host your CV and slide decks. 

Steps:
1. Set up github pages for your user, as in the [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtpR_HLA6kU). Make sure your repository is set to be public.
2. In your <username>.github.io repository, upload your CV and slides. 
3. In your <username>.github.io repository, edit the README.md file to link to your CV and slides. You can use local links (e.g. `[link text](file.html)`). This will allow you to navigate from <username>.github.io to your slides and CV so that you can get good links.

Upload the link to your <username>.github.io page to Canvas to complete this assignment.

Note, this assignment does not require you to make changes to this file or repository. All of your work will be done in your <username>.github.io repository, which will be public.
